Pkg-lists (#3257)
conan-io/docs: tutorial/other_features.rst

It is possible to reuse code from other recipes using the :ref:`python_requires feature<reference_extensions_python_requires>`.

If you maintain many recipes for different packages that share some common logic and you don't want to repeat the code in every recipe, you can put that common code in a Conan ``conanfile.py``, upload it to your server, and have other recipe conanfiles do a ``python_requires = "mypythoncode/version"`` to depend on it and reuse it.

Packages lists
--------------

It is possible to manage a list of packages, recipes and binaries together with the "packages-list" feature. 

> Several commands like ``upload``, ``download``, ``remove`` allow receiving a list of packages file as an input, and they can do that operation over that list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Several commands like ``upload``, ``download``, and ``remove`` allow receiving a list of packages file as an input, and they can do their operations over that list.
```
